# WTA-Mini-Project-ANB-system
This is a mini project on bank management system or e-banking


The Banking Management System is an application for maintaining a person's account in bank. This  project shows  the  working  of  a  banking  account  system  and cover the basic functionality of a Banking Management System. To develop a project for solving financial applications of a customer in banking environment in order to nurture the needs of  an end banking user by providing various ways to perform banking tasks. Also to  enable  the  user’s  workspace  to  have  additional  functionalities  which  are  not  provided under a conventional banking project. The  Banking Management  System  undertaken  as  a  project  is  based  on  relevant technologies.  The  main  aim  of  this  project  is  to  develop  software  for  Bank  Account Management System. This project has been developed to carry out the processes easily and quickly,  which  is  not  possible  with  the  manuals  systems,  which  are  overcome  by  this software.The system is designed as an interactive and content management system. The content management system deals with data entry, validation confirm and updating whiles the interactive system deals with system interaction with the administration and users. Thus, above features of this project will save transaction  time  and  therefore  increase the efficiency of the system.


The “Banking Management System” project is a model Internet Banking Site. This site enables the customers to perform the basic banking transactions by sitting at their office or at homes through PC or laptop. The system provides the access to the customer to create an account, deposit/withdraw the cash from his account, also to view reports of all accounts present. The customers can access the banks website for viewing their Account details and perform the transactions on account as per their requirements. With Internet Banking, the brick and mortar structure of the traditional banking gets converted into a click and portal model, thereby giving a concept of virtual banking a real shape. Thus today's banking is no longer confined to branches. E-banking facilitates banking transactions by customers round the clock globally. The primary aim of this “Banking Management System” is to provide an improved design  methodology,  which  envisages  the  future  expansion,  and  modification,  which  is necessary for a core sector like banking. This necessitates the design to be expandable and modifiable  and  so  a  modular  approach  is  used  in  developing  the  application  software. Anybody who is an Account holder in this bank can become a member of Banking Management System. He has to fill a form with his personal details and Account Number. The software is meant to overcome the drawbacks of the manual system.


#PROBLEM STATEMENT

The Banking Management System is an application for maintaining a person’s account in a bank. The system provides the access to the customer to create an account deposit/withdraw the cash from the account, also to view reports of all account present
